Reorganize README and Updating Getting Started Documentation (#236)
quarkusio/quarkus-quickstarts: README.md

This repository contains a set of examples about the Quarkus framework.

> There is documentation published at <https://quarkus.io> (docs' [sources are here](https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/master/docs/src/main/asciidoc)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation for these quickstarts is published at <https://quarkus.io> (you can find [the documentation sources here](https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/master/docs/src/main/asciidoc)).
```

(while we're at it...)
